# Meeting Notes \- 5/28/25

## Agenda

- General check in  
- Sprint planning  
- Meeting planning

## Members present

- Andrew Zhao  
- Chakshan Kothakota  
- Anna Covaliov  
- Adrian  
- Abdirahman

## Notes

Card Theme

- Needs to be decided  
- Probably done quickly and not spend too much time on it

Card Component

- Josh has something to start  
- Adding stars for rarity  
- Additional: add glow for rarity  
- Design: drawing, miro of layout  
- Generation: populate template from card object json  
- Josh and collection team will handle this

Added 2 Reviewers for PRs to Main

Theme:

- CS Monsters  
- Dark theme

Meetings

- Week 9 Sprint Review & Retro \- 6/1 Sunday 2pm  
- Week 10 Sprint Check in \- 6/4 Wednesday 8pm  
- Week 10 Sprint Review & Retro \- 6/8 Sunday 2pm

Message to send out to slack:

- Plan for this sprint  
- Theme decided  
- Meetings planned  
- Merge to dev \- by this Sunday’s sprint meeting

To do for the future:

- Implement coding practices (css variables, splitting components to different files, other refactoring…)  
- Fix styling when going from dev to main  
- Add meeting notes to repo