# **Stand-Up Meeting Notes \- 6/4/2025**

## **Agenda**

- Each team checkin

## **Members present**

- Andrew Zhao  
- Joshua Caneday  
- Anna Covaliov  
- Ferrari Guan  
- Chakshan Kothakota  
- Blake  
- Lia  
- yanhua

## **Backlog:**

### **Pull page:**

High Priority:

- Need card back design  
- Lock flip button while cards are being dealt  
- Need pack design  
- Fix reload bug

Lower Priority:

- Different animations for pull 1 and pull 5  
- Record new animation

### **Homepage:**

High Priority:

- Update styles to be consistent with other pages using util/globals.css  
- Need pack design  
- Timer logic

Lower Priority:

- Add level logic based on packs opened

## **Overall:**

To be done before June 8th:

- Code formatting  
  - Consistency  
  - Commenting  
  - Linting & style enforcement  
- Testing  
  - Unit testing  
  - E2E testing  
  - Manual testing  
    - Markdown file with feedback  
      - Powell  
      - Other teams  
      - Other people  
  - Outside user acceptance testing  
- Add TrackJS  
  - Count pulls  
- Repo file/directory naming scheme  
- Clean up issues / backlog  
- Clean up branches  
- Upload meeting notes?

Documentation (mostly Andrew):

- Update readme  
- Add **contributing read me** (important for TA to test)  
- Create a release  
- Documentation (subteams)  
  - JS Docs  
  - Header comments  
- Design docs  
  - ADRs  
  - Specs  
  - Miro  
  - Flowcharts  
- UCD related docs  
  - User stories

Unnecessary branches:

- BoscoLiu0-patch-3 (Bosco)  
- BoscoLiu0-patch-2 (Bosco)  
- BoscoLiu0-patch-1 (Bosco)  
- Create-sprint-2-retrospective (Adrian)  
- sprint-review/retrospective-2 (Adrian)  
- Homepage (ok for now, but consolidate soon)   
- Management-Group-Contract (Lia)